The Hello I was Atsushi Imai, this time at the top of this turbid
And The photo around The photo roll of slope
There are four at the end of Ooki
The left foot is lower and the opposite left foot is higher
Also like this toe
This of rise and toe of the city
Yes there are 4 balls How is this 4 patterns
I would like to tell you if it is easy to fly and this time this left foot fall
Is the version of
It is conclusively that this left foot version is
The ball is
It will be easier to take right
The reason is
In this way it that is tilted to the left of 56 is going to have hanging on better here
I in the swing
Surely this
The body will pull the high towards this way 16
Then than is really this late tension is say this scrub becomes 4
Like this with machines
To Henriette slope, but it goes straight if could go to witchcraft
It is pushed by a little child gravity, good copy
If you enter it, the pace will be open a little
a
The ball because the downhill is
If you go north, it's like the club is late and you fly right
I think it would be nice if you remember that it is easy to go
[musics]